we just expanded the down collection a
little bit more to really cool key
pieces that we've introduced which i
think are really great stories one is
the serious jacket and one is the serial
SL and I'll start with the serious
jacket here and we're calling this kind
of like our workhorse down piece it's an
850 fill box lap of construction kinda
like a sleeping back on the inside it's
winst offer so it's a really big
versatile piece it's gonna be a great
piece it's a great belay jacket it's got
a two-way zipper so you can zip it up
from the bottom and then obviously have
access to your harness when you're
belaying
inside the jacket you've got two really
nice big dump pockets here the stuff
sack is stuffed inside the one pocket
you've got a zippered security pocket up
here and then on the outside you've got
a hidden zipper security pocket really
big chest pocket here as well pretty
much almost big enough for a guy
it's super warm it's really versatile
and it's you know kind of kind of like a
big workhorse it's at peace for a lot of
different things I would say it's pretty
much one of the warmest jackets we've
got yeah it's an 850 fill and you know
what we do with our down is in those
areas where moisture is a higher problem
or moisture is going to be more
prevalent we use our proprietary call
off synthetic technology so across the
shoulders and it's sort of around the
front around your mouth quite often
underneath the arms it's no point having
down and then around the cuffs those
high sort of areas where moisture is an
issue we'll have synthetic layer so if
it does get wet still going to keep you
warm and it's not going to affect the
the overall warmth of the jacket and
then also new into the lineup is a super
super lightweight down jacket
it's an 850 fill European goose down
with a really really really lightweight
but really durable face fabric so when
we designed this really lightweight
piece we knew there are a lot of them on
the market but we're always trying to
balance weight injure two together you
can go out meet the lightest piece but
it's not gonna be the most durable you
can make the most durable and it's going
to weigh a ton
we're always trying to find that balance
between the two and we saw this piece as
being that that jacket that's going to
be in and out of your pack quite a lot
you know a backcountry skier you're a
mountaineer alpinist you're in and out
you're using it when you stop in that
stop phase more than you are when you're
doing your up phase so we realize in in
a pack like that there's a lot of things
that the jacket can catch on you know
you've got probes and shovels and
climbing gear and stuff like that so we
really wanted a durable face fabric so
we work with a Japanese manufacturing
company called Toure and we work with
them to come up with a lightweight
really durable face fabric so
they did it's 79 years super-lightweight
sorry 710 year 7-7 leave them in a
really really tight weave so the way
it's woven allows it gives it the
strength from the durability and then
the the lightness of the fibers gives it
that light weight that you're looking
for that 710 year it is such a tight
weave it takes a huge amount of time
just to like weave a metre of it it's
it's really a long time but what you get
is a Down proof really durable face
fabric really really lightweight so this
jacket weighs pretty much the same as an
apple an average average sized apple so
we're talking about 185 grams it's
nothing and it's an 850 fill it's really
really warm yeah and superlight